Rework Quickstart guide (#1193)
scality/metalk8s: docs/quickstart/bootstrap.rst

Deployment of the :term:`Bootstrap node`
========================================

Preparation
-----------

MetalK8s ISO
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> On your bootstrap node, download the ISO file. Mount this ISO file at the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On your bootstrap node, download the MetalK8s ISO file. Mount this ISO file at the
```

specific following path:

.. code-block:: shell

>    root@bootstrap $ mkdir -p /srv/scality/metalk8s-2.0

Reviewer 2: If we hardcode `metalk8s-2.0` here, it means that we should patch it in the 2.1 and 2.2 branches.
Otherwise we will have a 2.2 quickstart guide that explain how to install a 2.0.

Author: Good point, let me check around Sphinx docs, there should be some way for retrieving the project version.

Author: Bingo! https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-version

   root@bootstrap $ mount <path-to-iso> /srv/scality/metalk8s-2.0

.. _quickstart-bootstrap-ssh:

SSH identity
^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. todo:: review this procedure #1122

1. Generate an SSH key that will be used for authentication
   to future new nodes.

.. code-block:: shell

   root@bootstrap $ ssh-keygen
   root@bootstrap $ ssh-copy-id <IP-of-the-bootstrap-node>

> 2. Copy the private key in the pki folder of MetalK8s. This will be the

Reviewer 2: s/pki/PKI/

   file path against which MetalK8s checks for the initial authentication to
   the future new nodes.

.. code-block:: shell

   root@bootstrap $ mkdir -p /etc/metalk8s/pki/
   root@bootstrap $ cp /root/.ssh/id_rsa /etc/metalk8s/pki/id_rsa

Configuration
-------------

1. Create the MetalK8s configuration directory.

   .. code-block:: shell

>       root@bootstrap $ mkdir /etc/metalk8s

Reviewer 2: Was already created at the `SSH identity` step, otherwise how can you copy the key in `/etc/metalk8s/pki/`.
Maybe move this section before `SSH identity`.

Author: Indeed, makes sense.

2. Create the :file:`/etc/metalk8s/bootstrap.yaml` file. Change the netmask,
   IP address, and name to conform to your infrastructure.

   .. code-block:: yaml

      apiVersion: metalk8s.scality.com/v1alpha2
      kind: BootstrapConfiguration
      networks:
        controlPlane: <CIDR-notation>
        workloadPlane: <CIDR-notation>
      ca:
        minion: <hostname-of-the-bootstrap-node>
      apiServer:
        host: <IP-of-the-bootstrap-node>

.. todo:: Add a note about setting HA for ``apiServer``

Installation
------------

Run the install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Run the bootstrap script to install binaries and services required on the
Bootstrap node.

.. code-block:: shell

   root@bootstrap $ /srv/scality/metalk8s-2.0/bootstrap.sh

Validate the install
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Check if all :term:`Pods <Pod>` on the Bootstrap node are in the
``Running`` state.

.. note::

   On all subsequent :term:`kubectl` commands, you may omit the
   ``--kubeconfig`` argument if you have exported the ``KUBECONFIG``

>    environment variable with value the path to the administrator configuration

Reviewer 2: `with the value` or `with value set to`

Author: I'll also add a glossary entry for `kubeconfig`

   file for the cluster.

   By default, this path is ``/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf``.

   .. code-block:: shell

      root@bootstrap $ export KUBECONFIG=/etc/kubernetes/admin.conf

.. code-block:: shell

> 

Reviewer: to be updated with monitoring namespace :)

   kube-system   kube-apiserver-bootstrap                      1/1       Running   0          17m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   kube-controller-manager-bootstrap             1/1       Running   0          17m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   kube-proxy-mwxhf                              1/1       Running   0          18m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   kube-scheduler-bootstrap                      1/1       Running   0          17m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   metalk8s-ui-656f6857b-cdt5p                   1/1       Running   0          18m       10.233.0.3     bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   package-repositories-bootstrap                1/1       Running   0          17m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   registry-bootstrap                            1/1       Running   0          17m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>
   kube-system   salt-master-bootstrap                         2/2       Running   0          17m       172.21.254.7   bootstrap.novalocal   <none>

> Check that you can access MetalK8s Web UI, following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that you can access the MetalK8s GUI, following
```
